TECH-1252 Feature: add README documentation (#41)
shipit-team/shipit-wordpress: README.md

# SHIPIT-WORDPRESS
## Desription

> The following project is a plugin for wordpress which interacts with the woocommerce plugin to be able to generate pricing, import sales and update order statuses. To testing in local we must install a wordpress instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following project is a plugin for WordPress that interacts with the WooCommerce plugin to generate pricing, import sales, and update order statuses. To test in local, we must install a WordPress instance.
```

Author: Thanks!

> ## Requeriments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Requirements
```

> | Technology | Versión |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Technology | Version |
```

| ------ | ------ |
| Apache | Last |
| Mysql/Mariadb | Last |
| PHP| Last |
| Wordpress| Last |

> | Woocommerce | Last |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| WooCommerce | Last |
```

define('SECURE_AUTH_KEY',  'E2N-h2]Dcvp+aS/p7X DO NOT COPY THESE VALUES {Ka(f;rv?Pxf})CgLi-3');
define('LOGGED_IN_KEY',    'W(50,{W^,OPB%PB<JF DO NOT COPY THESE VALUES 2;y&,2m%3]R6DUth[;88');
define('NONCE_KEY',        'll,4UC)7ua+8<!4VM+ DO NOT COPY THESE VALUES #`DXF+[$atzM7 o^-C7g');
define('AUTH_SALT',        'koMrurzOA+|L_lG}kf DO NOT COPY THESE VALUES  07VC*Lj*lD&?3w!BT#-');
define('SECURE_AUTH_SALT', 'p32*p,]z%LZ+pAu:VY DO NOT COPY THESE VALUES C-?y+K0DK_+F|0h{!_xY');
define('LOGGED_IN_SALT',   'i^/G2W7!-1H2OQ+t$3 DO NOT COPY THESE VALUES t6**bRVFSD[Hi])-qS`|');
define('NONCE_SALT',       'Q6]U:K?j4L%Z]}h^q7 DO NOT COPY THESE VALUES 1% ^qUswWgn+6&xqHN&%');
```
### replace in
```sh
#sudo nano /var/www/wordpress/wp-config.php
```

### complete installation in
https://server_domain_or_IP

## Install Woocommerce
- Go to: Plugins > Add New.
- Search for “WooCommerce”.
- Click Install Now.
- Click Activate Now and you’re ready for the WooCommerce Wizard.

## Install Shipit in Wordpress
[How install shipit](https://shipitcl.zendesk.com/hc/es-419/articles/360016135074--C%C3%B3mo-integrar-mi-tienda-de-WooCommerce-con-Shipit-)

> ## Others products necesary 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Others necessary products
```

Author: Done!
